NAME: Chungchhay Kuoch
EMAIL: chungchhaykuoch@yahoo.com
ID: 004 843 308

lab1b-client.c: 
	      	This file contains a C source code that connects to the server by communicating over
	      the socket through TCP on localhost. 
	      There are 3 options that support this program such as port option: it is require an argument
	      and have to use the same port number as the server in order to communicate to each other.
	      log option: is used to set and receive byte during the communication between the 
	      client and the server. encrypt option: which encrypt the data before we sent it out
	      to the server. 

lab1b-server.c:
		This file contains a C source code for setting up the server for TCP data communication
		using sock API. This program run on the localhost in order to communicate with the client.
		This server also forks a child to execute a bash shell like we did in lab1a. This program 
		is similiar to lab1a except it also has to communicate with the client and use the 
		encryption key to encrypt the data before sending it over the socket to the client side. 
		This server supports 2 options: one is port option which I just explained earlier in 
		lab1b-client.c. And encrypt option which encryption the data with a key before sending
		it to the client side. 

my.key:
	This file contains a random key that I assigned that has 16 bytes long key and is used to encryption and decryption.
	For example, we use that key for encryption data that being sent over the socket, then whoever want to read it has
	to have the same key in order to decrypt it back to the plain data. 

Makefile:
	lab1b-server.c is to create an executable file lab1b-server
	lab1b-client.c is to create an executable file lab1b-client
	default option is to call lab1b-server and lab1b-client option
	clean is to delete 2 executable files such as lab1b-server lab1b-client and tar.gz file
	dist is to create a tar file containing 5 files such as lab1b-client.c lab1b-server.c README my.key Makefile 	

README:
	Explaination of each of the file